Didn't I tell you last night?
My sister is coming to see you today. Your sister?
So beautiful
You don't look bad, do you?
No wonder you can seduce my Ah Xiao away
Oh, sister, say less
Grandpa is not satisfied with him
Beat the child to divorce
These are grandpa's instructions.
Sister, you can't talk nonsense
If he is pregnant, he can't stand such stimulation
Pregnancy is amazing
I can get pregnant too
You two did a great job.
Lu Xiao, I can see it clearly
You deliberately found a woman to act in front of me
And my sister?
I think it's your old Xiao, okay?
Yo, you have a big temper
Yes, you're right.
Shaw and I are not brothers and sisters
I told you clearly
You are not worthy of our Asho
I advise you not to have feelings for him
Sister, stop talking nonsense
Wife, don't call me wife
I feel sick, don't chase
The old man has instructed us to pretend to be husband and wife